<html><head><title>Planning</title><style type="text/css">ol{margin:0;padding:0}.c5{list-style-type:disc;margin:0;padding:0}.c7{max-width:468pt;background-color:#ffffff;padding:72pt 72pt 72pt 72pt}.c2{height:11pt;direction:ltr}.c6{padding-left:0pt;margin-left:36pt}.c0{font-weight:bold}.c1{color:#ff0000}.c4{font-size:12pt}.c3{direction:ltr}.title{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:36pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}.subtitle{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:24pt;font-family:"Georgia";padding-bottom:4pt}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;margin:0;font-family:"Arial"}h1{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:18pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}h2{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:14pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h3{padding-top:14pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h4{padding-top:12pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}h5{padding-top:11pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:2pt}h6{padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}</style></head><body class="c7"><h1 class="c3"><a name="h.34vosahtm22v"></a><span>Customer Questions</span></h1><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>1. </span><span class="c0">Minimum expectations ? </span><span>&nbsp;Does the reconstruction of one-directional shredding on single sided paper seem okay for a minimum? &nbsp;</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Typed Document, 8.5 x 11, Simply Shredded , One-Sided,</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>2. </span><span class="c0">Runtime expectations </span><span>- What type of performance limitations do you have, 2 minute per page, indefinite ? </span><span class="c1">&nbsp;~1 Day for a maximum</span></p><p class="c3"><span>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a. </span><span class="c0">Computer Hardware</span><span>&nbsp;what sort of hardware would this runtime expectation be for</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">As little as possible</span></p><p class="c3"><span>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c3"><span>3. </span><span class="c0">What type of user interface</span><span>? GUI, Command Line, should the user be able to contribute</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">The ideal UI would be something as simple as aniPad/Phone/tablet takes photo -&gt; returns a &ldquo;deshredded&rdquo; picture, However first we should get things working and then cater to design</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Server Backend.</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>4. </span><span class="c0">Final Product form</span><span>? Web Interface to server, Desktop Application, must it be Cross Platform?</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Start with Desktop App and move to web interface</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>5. </span><span class="c0">Paper types</span><span>&nbsp;- 8.5 x 11, A4, arbitrary sizes? </span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Should support arbitrary types</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>6. </span><span class="c0">Double vs Single Sided</span><span>? </span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Start with single sided, ideally having double sided</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>7. </span><span class="c0">Physical Scanning Requirements</span><span>? &nbsp;We do not intend to do any mechanical parts of this so we wanted to know what we can take as physical scanned inputs? &nbsp;We were thinking of using sticky transperant paper?</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">As little overhead for the user as possible is best</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c1"></span></p><p class="c3"><span>8. </span><span class="c0">Is there a target shredder in mind</span><span>? &nbsp;This might make it easier for us, so that we can target a specific type of shredder and practice with it</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Start with ECE shredder - not cross cut, no security</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c1"></span></p><p class="c3"><span>9. </span><span class="c0">How do we approach the problem? </span><span>, do you have any resources or high level ideas that you can give us? </span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">Backtracking Graph Exploration - &nbsp;Given a combination of functions </span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span>10. </span><span class="c0">Priorieties for Parameters</span><span>? &nbsp;Can you help us prioritize the following parameters</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">multiple pages - most interesting</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c1"></span></p><p class="c3"><span>11. </span><span class="c0">From the PDRR Report Template</span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c4">Discuss the reasons for pursuing this project &ndash; </span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c4">Who needs it? </span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1 c4">Law firm - paper correspondence</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c4">Why is it needed? &nbsp; </span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1 c4">Personal Interested From A Research Perspective and interest in the security of shredding physical documents. Shredding Mid-terms &hellip; can trash be collected. </span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1 c4">Is shredding fundamental or does it just give people a sense of security</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c4">Take the viewpoint of the customer, the user, the public, or that of the wider society. &nbsp;What motivates this long effort to produce a particular project solution?</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1 c4">Intelligence or Private Investigators, Forensic Data. Look at the DARPA Challenge for why they were interested in it.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c1 c4"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1 c4">Nothing out there that does this and is free.</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><h1 class="c3"><a name="h.k59ssz7l4h6o"></a><span>Parameters</span></h1><p class="c3"><span>Human parameters which we can provided along with inputs. &nbsp;These are parameters that we can take into consideration</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c1"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c1">TBERG - Ideally everything would be automated - Interesting from an engineering perspective - Multiple buckets </span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><ol class="c5" start="1"><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Paper Texture and Type</span><span>: &nbsp;Lined Paper, Plain Paper, Textured Paper, Colored Paper </span></li></ol><ol class="c5" start="1"><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Shredder Type</span><span>&nbsp;: &nbsp;Generic Shredder, Hand Shredder, Scissor Shredded, Cross Shredded</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Double Sided</span><span>: Single v. Double sided makes a big difference in fitting </span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Number of Pages</span><span>&nbsp;: Impacts the number of Documents to be reconstructed</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Number of Shreddings</span><span>&nbsp;: &nbsp;Impacts the how many possibilities to check</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Text type </span><span>: &nbsp;Handwritten or Typed</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Document Type </span><span>: Text only, Images (handwriting would most likely be an image), Both</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Time Limit :</span><span>&nbsp;10 minutes? Unlimited?</span></li></ol><h1 class="c3"><a name="h.c65ut4pqdvyg"></a><span>Strategy and Pieces</span></h1><p class="c2"><span></span></p><ol class="c5" start="1"><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Scanning - </span><span>&nbsp;UI and Automation of the scanning of the image</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">User Interface</span><span>&nbsp;- General UI information</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Parameter Handling -</span><span>&nbsp;Logic for handling what types of different things happen when we turn on and off different parameters</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Image Sharpening - </span><span>Anything we can do to enhance the scanned image for our benefit</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Signal Processing - </span><span>Signal processing to detect possible paper type parameters? lined paper, images vs text, texture of paper, stains on the paper</span></li><li class="c3 c6"><span class="c0">Edge Detection</span><span>&nbsp; - &nbsp;How to detect edges from the scanned image, and separate background from shredded image</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Shred Isolation </span><span>- How to isolate the shredded image</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Shred Orientation </span><span>- How to orient the shredded image (angle and x/y position)</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Shred Comparison - </span><span>How to compare different shreddings to each other, a metric for finding good and bad fits</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Optical Character Detection and Recognition - </span><span>If we have text, OCR can help us build words from the reconstructed text. </span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Dictionary word matching - </span><span>&nbsp;Finding dictionary words will be very useful to increase our confidence thresholds</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Natural Language Processing: </span><span>&nbsp;For Guessing the likelihood of the next word based on the current word</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Merging and Fitting: </span><span>Placing and merging chunks of images</span></li><li class="c6 c3"><span class="c0">Document recreation: </span><span>Recreating whole documents</span></li></ol><h1 class="c3"><a name="h.gwmnsqhoih3n"></a><span>Implementation</span></h1><p class="c2"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c0">Test framework</span><span>&nbsp;- A framework for unit testing all the individual pieces of the code to ensure that they work</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c0">Validation Framework</span><span>&nbsp;- &nbsp;A framework for validating results, adjusting how we weight parameters and measures of confidence in our fitting algorithm</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c0">Set of Testing Material</span><span>&nbsp;- Actual Scanned Documents to work with to test with and work with.</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c0">Github : </span><span>&nbsp;Version control, Wikis, Issue tracker, collaboration</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p><p class="c3"><span class="c0">Trello</span><span>&nbsp;: Cloud based Task and Deadline Management</span></p><p class="c2"><span></span></p></body></html>